src/docs/index.md, before:

> Custom Form Components. Without Any Framework. Accessible.

## Installation

Using npm:

```bash
$ npm install @julmot/form-components
```

Using a CDN:

- [jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/@julmot/form-components?path=dist)

You can embed individual form components from the `dist` folder. They are available as CommonJS (e.g. Webpack), AMD (e.g. RequireJS) and global (attached to the `window` object) packages with their corresponding CSS files.

## Getting Started

After you've installed the components, you need to generate the HTML according to each component and load and initialize those you want to use. Create a new class instance of the exported class and pass in the element on which you want to initialize the component. In case you'd like to dynamically initialize instances, you can use the also exported `selector` string to determine if a component exists.

For example when you want to embed the radio component using Webpack with ES6:

```js
import '@julmot/form-components/dist/radio-material-like/radio-material-like.css';
import {
  Radio as RadioComponent,
  selector as RadioComponentSelector
} from '@julmot/form-components/dist/radio-material-like/radio-material-like';

new RadioComponent(document.querySelector(RadioComponentSelector));
```

## Options

In addition to the element on which you want to initialize the component, you can also pass options to the component (see above). For example:

```js
new RadioComponent(document.querySelector(RadioComponentSelector), {
  // an object of the options, e.g.
  tabbed: false
});
```

**These are the options for different components**:

### Form Components (Checkbox, Radio, Select, Text Area, Text Field)

**tabbed**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

If the form component should receive a focus outline when tabbing with the keyboard.

**debug**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

Whether or not there should be debug logs.

### Form

_NOTE: This component isn't listed on the left side, since it only contains a JS file_.

**message**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

When there's a message in the corresponding `<form>` element (needs the `.is-hidden` class), then this message will be shown/hidden during client-side validation. If you specify `false` then this message will be ignored even when the message is available in the DOM.

### Message

**focusOnStart**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

When there's a message available on the site, this message will be focused for screen readers when the DOM is ready.

**debug**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

Whether or not there should be debug logs.

## Currently Available Components

Please head over to the components list on the left side to see a full list of all available components. If you open a component, head over to the "Notes" tab. Individual components may contain a separate documentation or notes.

There's also an example form that renders all of them in a single form for demonstration purposes.

## Form Validation

There's one component that isn't listed on the left side since it's only one JavaScript file: "form". This component can be used for client-side validation. Basically it validates like a browser does, respecting e.g. "required" or "pattern" attributes. It also shows the same error messages like your browser does – or if you've specified custom validation messages then it'll show them (using the HTML5 API, e.g. `setCustomValidity()`). However, the messages are shown in a design-conform way that looks nice with our custom form components. If you'd like to try it out; it's integrated in the "Example Form" components. It's exported like a normal component, so you can directly start using it.

The initialization is similar to normal components, you can pass in the `<form>` DOM element and an optional options object.

## Browser Compatibility

Successfully tested in:

- IE11 (Windows)
- Latest Edge (Windows)
- Latest Chrome (macOS and Windows)
- Latest Firefox (macOS and Windows)
- Latest Chrome Mobile (Android)
- Latest Safari Mobile (iOS)

## Requirements

- Needs the [babel polyfill](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/) to work with old browsers
- Work best with embedded [normalize.css](https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css)
- Root _content_ element should be the `<main>` element (for detection of inline messages)
- Requires either the `novalidate` attribute on `<form>` tags (only backend-side validation) or an initialization of the "form" component on them (client-side validation)
- Inherits your app-specific fonts

Commit message:

Implemented onValid and onInvalid callbacks for the Form component

src/docs/index.md, after:

> Custom Form Components. Without Any Framework. Accessible.

## Installation

Using npm:

```bash
$ npm install @julmot/form-components
```

Using a CDN:

- [jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/@julmot/form-components?path=dist)

You can embed individual form components from the `dist` folder. They are available as CommonJS (e.g. Webpack), AMD (e.g. RequireJS) and global (attached to the `window` object) packages with their corresponding CSS files.

## Getting Started

After you've installed the components, you need to generate the HTML according to each component and load and initialize those you want to use. Create a new class instance of the exported class and pass in the element on which you want to initialize the component. In case you'd like to dynamically initialize instances, you can use the also exported `selector` string to determine if a component exists.

For example when you want to embed the radio component using Webpack with ES6:

```js
import '@julmot/form-components/dist/radio-material-like/radio-material-like.css';
import {
  Radio as RadioComponent,
  selector as RadioComponentSelector
} from '@julmot/form-components/dist/radio-material-like/radio-material-like';

new RadioComponent(document.querySelector(RadioComponentSelector));
```

## Options

In addition to the element on which you want to initialize the component, you can also pass options to the component (see above). For example:

```js
new RadioComponent(document.querySelector(RadioComponentSelector), {
  // an object of the options, e.g.
  tabbed: false
});
```

**These are the options for different components**:

### Form Components (Checkbox, Radio, Select, Text Area, Text Field)

**tabbed**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

If the form component should receive a focus outline when tabbing with the keyboard.

**debug**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

Whether or not there should be debug logs.

### Form

_NOTE: This component isn't listed on the left side, since it only contains a JS file_.

**message**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

**onInvalid**

Type: function  
Default: `function(){}`  
Parameters: The `submit` event

A callback when the form was submitted invalid.

**onValid**

Type: function  
Default: `function(){}`  
Parameters: The `submit` event

A callback when the form was submitted valid.

### Message

**focusOnStart**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

When there's a message available on the site, this message will be focused for screen readers when the DOM is ready.

**debug**

Type: boolean  
Default: true

Whether or not there should be debug logs.

## Currently Available Components

Please head over to the components list on the left side to see a full list of all available components. If you open a component, head over to the "Notes" tab. Individual components may contain a separate documentation or notes.

There's also an example form that renders all of them in a single form for demonstration purposes.

## Form Validation

There's one component that isn't listed on the left side since it's only one JavaScript file: "form". This component can be used for client-side validation. Basically it validates like a browser does, respecting e.g. "required" or "pattern" attributes. It also shows the same error messages like your browser does – or if you've specified custom validation messages then it'll show them (using the HTML5 API, e.g. `setCustomValidity()`). However, the messages are shown in a design-conform way that looks nice with our custom form components. If you'd like to try it out; it's integrated in the "Example Form" components. It's exported like a normal component, so you can directly start using it.

The initialization is similar to normal components, you can pass in the `<form>` DOM element and an optional options object.

## Browser Compatibility

Successfully tested in:

- IE11 (Windows)
- Latest Edge (Windows)
- Latest Chrome (macOS and Windows)
- Latest Firefox (macOS and Windows)
- Latest Chrome Mobile (Android)
- Latest Safari Mobile (iOS)

## Requirements

- Needs the [babel polyfill](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/) to work with old browsers
- Work best with embedded [normalize.css](https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css)
- Root _content_ element should be the `<main>` element (for detection of inline messages)
- Requires either the `novalidate` attribute on `<form>` tags (only backend-side validation) or an initialization of the "form" component on them (client-side validation)
- Inherits your app-specific fonts
